# LICENSE OF HM4MINT.NRW CONTENTS

The Contents of this directory and all subdirectories is licensed under CC BY-SA 4.0

Refer to the project websites for more information:

- https://www.orca.nrw/kurse/hm4mint
- https://hm4mint.nrw/hm1/public/impressum.html ("Lizenz")

Read the license text in file LICENSE of this directory.

Summary of the CC BY-SA 4.0 License:

You are free to:

- Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format for any purpose, even commercially.
- Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.
  The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.

Under the following terms:

Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made0. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.

No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

## Directory synth/

Directory `synth/` includes data copied and altered from directory `rwth/`.

- The first synthesis is the translation of `tikz`-based images (`*.tex`-files) to `SVG`-based images (`*.svg`-files). Files are generated by script `tikz2svg.py`.

- The second synthesis is the generation of file `tree.json`, that contains the course tree. It is generated by script `make_tree.py`.
